Mar 13, 2024
Begin my first diary entry in org-agenda mode.
Add any inputs you have in this page.
Mar 14, 2024
Still learning my way with org-agenda. One day this will all fall into place.
Mar 14, 2024
Added the link of github org-super-agenda
;; https://github.com/alphapapa/org-super-agenda
May 11, 2024
Thank you for todays gift of life my Lord. Thank you for keeping me and my family and friends safe from harm.
May 17, 2024
Thank you Lord for another gift of life today. I rested well today and did my morning yoga routine. And I had my fasting exercise implemented, even if dirty fasting only. Still its better than filling the stomach with nothing to do.
Jun 1, 2024
Thank you God for guiding me to my work and travels this day, including my family and friends. I pray for another day of guidance from you as we continue with this travel called life.
Jun 5, 2024
Thank you God for making me finish this day just fine. Thank you for the chat with tata and Mrs back home. I pray one day me and nonoy my son can chat again. I miss him a lot.
Jun 10, 2024
Thank you God for giving me another day of completed activities. I am home safe and I thank you for guiding me and family safe from harm. I pray for your guidance as I go to sleep later on and hoping for your grace to let me wake up to another day.
Jun 12, 2024
Thank you God for another day of life today. Thank you for giving me the energy to do my morning exercise despite waking up early and feeling sleepy. I pray you keep me, my families and friends safe from harm as we complete our days today.
Jun 15, 2024
Today is my 2nd day in AlKhobar for a holiday visit with friends. Thank you Lord for keeping me and my family & friends safe from harm as we continue in this journey called life. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to buy items for sending to my family back home. Thank you for giving me and salary on a monthly basis. And most of all thank you for giving me good health to carryon and continue with my daily tasks here in KSA.
Jul 4, 2024
Today no travel to Khobar for tomorrow i have weekend duty.
Begin Perlmaven tutorial in YT.
FYI: Git cloned to local machine https://github.com/eribertto/perl-cool-snippets and https://github.com/eribertto/perlweeklychallenge-club

Begin Section 1 => Done 1.5 to 1.12
Begin section 2 (Done items)
      2.1 Scalar values and variables.
      2.2 Common Errors
      2.3 Variable Interpolation
      2.4 Numerical Operators
      2.5 String Operators --
      2.6
      2.7
Jul 17, 2024
First entry after a long while. Note this coming from emacs version 31.0.50 build with makepkg in Arch Linux host of distrobox
FYI: this emacs git version from Arch is only accessible inside Arch and cannot be detected by other apps of the host machine. Unless you do distrobox-export like in this link https://fedoramagazine.org/run-distrobox-on-fedora-linux/ then maybe it will work. This is a TODO task.
Jul 18, 2024
Another day today. Thank you Lord for giving me a good sleep last night. I appreciate the energy you give me in waking up early morning and finishing my daily walk/run/yoga exercises. Thank you always. I look forward for your blessings and guidance as I continue with my day today.
Jul 29, 2024
Begin today my diary entries in emacs org-agenda>insert>diary. This is TP460P machine.
Today I plan to try out Aurora immutable Fedora-based OS. I already made a list of device
partitions backed-up in ~/Github-repos/mytodos/dotfiles2024/eos.TP460P.lsblk.blkid.list.
Wow :-) I'm amazed that inside diary mode there is tab completion. Amazing emacs stuff.

* Today i woke up past 3AM not the very best of sleep but still thank you Lord for giving me
another lease of life. Thank you for guiding me in my sleep and giving me energy today to do
my bw kb exercises and yoga stretching. Thank you for giving me the strength to do such activities.
* Today I will start my day so I pray you guide me as I complete my day. I pray you guide and
protect my family and friends back home. Give them guidance and protection as they continue with
their lives as well.
Jul 30, 2024
TIL to add diary entry you need to call org-agenda command first and select the date and hit i. This will allow you to add your todays diary entry.
Today i got up after 3 AM and did my early morning walk and yoga stretching. Thank you Lord for guiding me in my sleep regardless if its short. A sleep is a sleep so thank you. Today i subscribed to Yazio fitness plan for one year. Thank you for giving me the capacity to pay the required fee and I pray you guide me to meet my fitness goals this year.
Today i downloaded the EndeavourOS iso and sha512sum is good. TODO burn this in Ventoy for future testing.
Jul 30, 2024
Entered from Fed40 machine: Success compiling Vim from SRC in this Fed40 machine Dell Precision. Now I have a working vim with Perl and Python enabled features.
Jul 30, 2024
Time 3:30pm Reverted to original Purcell keys configuration by removing all instances of xah fly keys modal mode.